Liu Ruonan is Wang Jianhua
Wang Jianhua and their gang
Tang Jun put the gun down
Where are we going?
As expected of a dog raised in the river
You do know
Sister Lan let you go
I'll let you go.
So I get it.
Since the ordinary news
So they sent all kinds of killers to kill me
Do you think I'm a fool?
Xiaojun, I suggest you put the gun down quickly
Or I'll shoot you
It depends on whether your gun is faster or mine.
It seems that you still care about him?
But he was in my bed.
Tender and tender
You pinch him away
It's not that I didn't counter the case
One shot to blow out your typical brain
But just now I wanted to give you a chance to live
Feng Zhaonan, I thought I would never see you again
Sorry I'm late.
Where are my adoptive parents?
It hurts
Do it yourself
I didn't expect my adoptive mother to be elusive in my previous life
Died so early
Why haven't you come back?
Hey, little sister, I am your big brother.
That jade Ruyi was once our ancestral bracelet
After three sections
They asked the master to carve three jade ruyi respectively.
Become a grandfather's meticulous collection
Later, when your mother and little sister parted ways
Put it on you
You mean this is
Little sister is so nice
Finally found you
Don't worry, big brother will definitely treat you well in the future.
How dare you bully her
Don't worry, I will be good to her for the rest of my life.